dbt Cloud, Redshift and Snowflake conns (#2583)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections/redshift.md

- Using IAM credentials

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).
- A locally running [Astro project](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/get-started-cli).
- Permissions to access to your Redshift cluster. See [Using IAM authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/generating-user-credentials.html) and [Authorizing Amazon Redshift to access other AWS services](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/authorizing-redshift-service.html).

## Get connection details

<Tabs
    defaultValue="db-creds"
    groupId= "redshift-connection"
    values={[
        {label: 'DB user credentials', value: 'db-creds'},
        {label: 'IAM credentials', value: 'iam-creds'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="db-creds">

DB user credentials can be used to establish a connection to an Amazon Redshift cluster. While straightforward to use, this approach lacks the strong security and user access controls provided by identity and access management (IAM). Connecting this way requires the following information:

- Cluster identifier
- Database name
- Port
- User
- Password

Complete the following steps to retrieve these values:

> 1. In your AWS console, select the region that contains your Redshift cluster, open the Redshift cluster dashboard, then open your cluster. 

Reviewer: Do you open the cluster after opening the cluster dashboard, or is the cluster dashboard already for a specific cluster?

Author: @jwitz yes, there is a cluster dashboard, where all the redshift clusters you are running are visible. like this:
![image](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/75730393/023dab9b-5de5-4aa5-b600-a5b1f7db0e03)

> 2. Open the **General information** tab, then copy the **Cluster identifier** and **Endpoint**.

Reviewer: Are these actually tabs? Can you send a screenshot if possible?

Author: General information is a separate section.  this needs to be removed, I might have missed this.

> 2. Open the **General information** tab, then copy the **Cluster identifier** and **Endpoint**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. From the **General information** section, copy the **Cluster identifier** and **Endpoint**.
```

   
3. Open the **Properties** tab and copy the **Database name** and **Port**.
   

> 4. [Create a Redshift user](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_CREATE_USER.html) and [grant a role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_GRANT.html) so that the Airflow can access Redshift through the user. Copy the username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Create a Redshift user](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_CREATE_USER.html) and [grant a role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_GRANT.html) so that Airflow can access Redshift through the user. Copy the username and password.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="iam-creds">

You can use IAM credentials to connect Airflow to Redshift. This approach gives you the option to use temporary credentials and limit the permissions Alirfow's permissions. 

Following information is required:

- Cluster identifier
- Database name
- Port
- Region
- IAM user
- AWS credentials file

Complete the following steps to retrieve these values:

1. In your AWS console, select the region that contains your Redshift cluster, open the Redshift cluster dashboard, then open your cluster. 
   
2. Open the **General information** tab, then copy the **Cluster identifier** and **Endpoint**.

3. Open the **Properties** tab and copy the **Database name** and **Port**.

> 4. Open your IAM dashboard, go to **Users**, and select your user. Then, go to **Permissions** and follow the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/redshift-iam-access-control-identity-based.html) to ensure that the IAM user is authorized to connect to Redshift and perform SQL operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open your IAM dashboard, go to **Users** and select your user. Then, go to **Permissions** and follow the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/redshift-iam-access-control-identity-based.html) to ensure that the IAM user is authorized to connect to Redshift and perform SQL operations.
```

5. Enter a name for the connection in the **Connection Id** field.

6. Copy the following JSON template into the **Extra** field, then replace the placeholder values with the information you retrieved in [Get connection details](#get-connection-details). 

    ```json

    {
        "iam": true, 
        "cluster_identifier": "<your-cluster-identifier>", 
        "port": 5439, 
        "region": "<your-region>",
        "db_user": "<your-user>", 
        "database": "<your-database>", 
        "profile": "<your-profile-name>"
    }

    ```

7. Click **Test**. After the connection test succeeds, click **Save**.

    ![aws-connection-iam-creds](/img/examples/connection-aws-redshift-iam.png)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## How it works

Airflow uses the [Amazon Redshift Python Connector](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/python-configuration-options.html) to connect to Redshift through the [RedshiftSQLHook](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/hooks/redshift_sql/index.html).

## See also

> - [Apache Airflow Amazon provider package documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/redshift.html)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Apache Airflow Amazon provider package documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/redshift.html).
```

> - [Redshift modules](https://registry.astronomer.io/modules?query=redshift) in the Astronomer Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Redshift modules](https://registry.astronomer.io/modules?query=redshift) in the Astronomer Registry
```

Author: adding a fullstop in the above line. I think I missed it here.
